[Music]
damn man it hurts me eh It hurts it hurts it hurts
what I'm going to talk about
I promise you that it hurts me what I'm going to
talk abouteh I
promise you that it hurts me what I'm going to talk about
and that it was not my intention at
all to talk about this eh
mark Thank you very much welcome Rey
precisely today I
was talking I was talking
to my wife I don't know why we're
talking about internet things like
things that
internet things that there are people who
take it personally there are people
who use the internet to expel
all the hate they have no and their
frustrations and as a non-destructive weapon
no and there are people that I don't know people have a
lot of other and a lot of venom no and I'm
simply here for what I came to
inform comment salsa to have a
good time and out earn my
monthly salary and on to something else butterfly you
know and we were talking for example about a
conflict that I had and such no and I
say let's
see it's not like something personal
that I don't remember because she's been
talking to me about I don't remember because
someone put something to me on the internet I don't  I
agree I don't remember I think it was
because I was reviewing a live
when I was uploading it I don't remember
and I was talking about the subject of yours
that they put on me no of Ah is that you
suck up to Auron to get invited to
places I don't think it was that no and it was like let's
see something else in the first place
No no it's that if I don't
agree with someone that with something that a
youtuber does I
no longer agree with something that a
youtuber does I think that you can't get
angry because I tell you it's not like it's like they
label me as not giving my
real opinion or that I don't give the
real salseros because maybe they don't
invite me to interviews or events and it's
like let's go imagine Auronplay no he's
the one you tell me the most no odala imagine
Well me telling them they will be left to me it doesn't
give me anything I mean give him what I have that I
get along well with him and I have a
good relationship with him and that's it you know but give me
well comes we collaborate sometimes
like I collaborate with the river like I collaborate
this  night with Maika and we have done
10,000 viewers tonight
live okay it's a peak of 10,000
viewers no but imagine
I think that if one day in any of
the politics
because in the past he said this or
last month he said this and now what he has
done well well I do not see it well I do not
agree with him damn he is going
to get angry with me That is why they are
not going to invite me to places
because I say I would have done
something else or whatever the problem is that it is
people
and We will see that today because I have
found out that láserle has done a
series on me I have found out and now you will see
how I have found out okay
there are people who believe that in order to
make a gossip channel or comment on
controversy or criticism or whatever you have to
do it going neck to neck attacking
in plan you have to go and sink the other no and I
was more or less messing up like a host Look,
for example Messi you tell me maybe
[Music]
if you tell me maybe on the air that he
has  done things Well maybe I'm a
little more serious with him I answer him
Just like he does with me no yeah maybe he
says to me you the grefg when he gave me the
strike host Well yes he touched my
dick and yes I was pissed off
personally but time has passed and
the truth is over I ran into him we
played two jokes he laughed at me I laughed at him See you
later I mean it's not something that
like I have to see it and I have a
beer and we play seven jokes you
know what I mean
And look at you What a coincidence that you're
talking to me the one who is what it is like he
farts a lot I don't know what And
my wife told me but that he hits worse tortillas
I mean man let's see how an icon of his
channel about the farts thing 3 or
4 days ago last week uploaded a video
with Marta Díaz and with reguiló and with his
girlfriend the two couples talking and one
about this and one of them will ask about the
farts thing who would fart more
in public Now it's going to  be to the question
and the other day it's not that the morley Quinn
and you don't also It's that yesterday or the day before
yesterday I sat here at night
while the extracts and
such were uploading to watch a video that
three of suseta had uploaded to get some ideas
for me mushrooms new to set up here
the desktop
[ __ ] you've got me fed up with
the [ __ ] farts Javi would have always been
right and well he has me yes it
's true that agrefg I make videos for him but
not so he doesn't invite me but so that you
invite me Because greml told me to
make 20 or 30 videos and that I and that he
put for once the category
of the gossip in the awards no I mean
as all the categories are
the category of the gossip has to be there because it's
one more category he understands me and he
said Well you make me 30 videos I'll make them for you
but look Today I didn't have it
planned my team my npc has sent it to me
Greg will not be in arcadia this
was great I mean this was what do you think
in case you don't  remember last year
and they wanted to invite him to Arcadia Nexus
when Nexus was planning to do the
street more and I'll go like it happened I don't know
what I'm not interested better not and then
when he found out that it was in the
Willy and Vegetta series by ass that he saw
please put me people if you ask me
if I'm going to be in Arcadia I don't know I would
like to be because there are some really
tough people but I don't know if he will invite me it doesn't
depend on me You know and he was super
interested look you are a guy who breaks
any kind of record you mean
what need did he have to be seen as
interested man a guy who breaks
any kind of number barriers no
Arcadia two was recently announced and
many people have come out to ask to
get in like it happened in Ebola no Let's see who
has asked
Oh how annoying is this Twitter thing man you
really have me up to my neck This
Twitter thing man that I can't gossip
quietly and I have to log in
or I feel like it and not even a session damn it
all day
it's true the gossip category is the
man if they are awards for  categories
of the Stream and the youtubers
How could the gossip not be there, it's a
category more, well, here we see that
raising your little hand Paracetamol Hey
paracetamol
is going to the ibai evening I found out
against Ari or is it a joke
man has it been presenters
what the hell
what the [ __ ] Rosita I don't know who
Iván is I don't know who he is you've
told me a lot that I raised my little hand
here But anyway
But anyway friends
no, this doesn't really catch my attention
because I'm like that it would be
a good This is an advertisement Eh This is not
like
This is not like such for
people to raise their hands and sign up too I
tell you Eh This is an advertisement
okay
And although if these people like Greg and
another who were in the series and
blood came out at the end did he enter
what is it at the end did he enter or not
Nelson told him nanai there you made a
mistake in the PC
all the people who made it to the end and
with
there are some that it's that we all
felt bad from Arcadia
because the truth is I felt bad all the
[ __ ]
I imagine
but all those who said things
what  that was ugly let's see Javi Oliveira
interested
or is it something that was really ugly
that wasn't fatal the stoneware there eh
[Music]
I like it
[Laughter]
because it made me laugh a lot
after that I probably wouldn't do it
after that I will
do it Well the first one was here
kissing up to get in that I
uploaded a tweet to you my
explanation about Arcadia man this this
you who directly put it was pressure
to get him in man I mean it's that
you say it's the price
to get you in Neither more nor less worth it
you looked for the click you know
Look for all the click where you want got
involved with Arcadia
we saw this we saw this we
saw This I remember we saw this
better than we saw This is true
so then yes it's going to refer to Greg
Then yes it's going to refer to Greg
Of course I was thinking about people
who criticized the series
that it wasn't good that it was boring that I don't
know what but yes it's true
yes it's true that you think after that he had I mean
after that first he said no then he
was begging to get in putting pressure
to get in how they didn't put him in he criticized
the series even that is  this is ugly that he
had like that little less but apart from that he got
up and grabbed his balls once
again pronounced about his interest in
being Juan says that he would only be there for one
day that juanillo Juan
Ah well Juanito
a little water okay Let's go
Marbella was starting and who
knows me knows that I love roleplaying, I
love GTA roleplaying and that there
will also be the opportunity to give
Raúl Salinas a good story what I
did Therefore I left the eduarcadia what
was the final stretch what was an
intelligent decision Yes because in
Marbella things went very well the
truth But
but yes but it is announced every two days I
already saw this video basically it is
like a direct continuation of what
was the end of arcadia I was not there
that day in fact I told them that I was
ashamed to just enter because I had
left to enter for like
3 weeks approximately
or no less like two weeks two almost
three weeks I think and I felt bad
just entering the final event in
fact nexus super good fart he told me how do I
not enter there is no problem but I was
ashamed because if I had already left
like a week and a half ago to enter
just to show the final event it
seems a little madafaker to me you know it
seemed to me a little bit of
interest how much are you worth but well
here he already left us with macuina it's true
[Music]
gres talked about the subject and says that he's
80% sure that he's not going to be in
arcadia 1.80 no 1.24
decided and do something that I respect each
person who does each series can
invite whoever they want and I don't want to
generate controversy with that just like if I
do carolan two Well I'm going to invite the
people I want the problem is that they
invited you son that they invited you
and you didn't want to but then you found out
who is there if they wanted it's not like they
had invited you and you rejected it I do
n't know I mean 80% no because no
because no I do
n't know if I'm too far up in the mountains to start
learning the ark you know what I love you
eh besides I didn't know And since in the end they didn't
invite him Well he didn't learn either because I
don't know the third one nor has he had time and
evidently mía says this was
not going to  to do arcade for two or at
least not this year I thought they were
like the typical myths that
some of you invent about following arcadia two they
come every two but not in the end yes it was
seen every two you know that they were not
myths I don't know if they have already
contacted people I don't know if I will be there or
not
I would really like to I mean I think
a two-player arcadia could be very cool and
also they have put out the trailer they still haven't
invited anyone correct that's what I
think I say because nobody knows anything I mean I think it
has caught everyone by surprise
eh I don't know very well eh
watch the trailer the trailer How tall are
you 1 or 60 would you
like to be but you don't know if they have
invited people do you think not and
cristinini
for two they haven't told me anything at the moment
So I don't know but I think that I mean I do
n't think that beyond the like
super close to nexos they are inviting
already I mean I feel like they won't be sending you
the server No now I say that it
will take time
[Music]
Well
I don't know what's really disgusting, man, that it ends,
we have to finish the extract like this, it
's always necessary, it's necessary to have to
swallow that dog every time we
finish the live show, it's not live,
every time I'm fed up. Oh, really, no,
this is not off, eh
[Music]